.TH "areastst.conf" "5" "$Revision$" "Stas Degteff" "Husky"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBmyconfig\fR \- Configuration file for my program
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The program \fBareastat\fR uses a configuration file usually named
\fBareastst.conf\fR. This configuration file is specified in the command line.
.LP 
\fBareastst.conf\fR contains lines, each line beginns with ';' char is comment line, another non\-empty lines begins with parameter token, space and following parameter's value(s).
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fBArea\fR \fIname\fR \fItype\fR \fIpath\fR \fIout_file\fR
Defines messagebase, where:
 \fIname\fR \- echotag.
 \fItype\fR \- msg, squish or jam
 \fIpath\fR \- path to MSG or filename without extension (JAM/SQUISH)
 \fIout_file\fR \- statistics will be written in this file

.br 
\fBStat_Period\fR \fIage\fR
Specifies period of statistic, where:
 \fIage\fR \- period value, in days, or weeks prefixed by \fBw\fR, or months prefixed by \fBm\fR, for example:
 \fBStat_Period 60\fR \- statistics for 60 days
 \fBStat_Period w2\fR \- statistics for 2 weeks
 \fBStat_Period m1\fR \- statistics for 1 month

.br 
\fBBy_Name\fR
 Create statistics by name

.br 
\fBBy_from\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by originator not more \fIquantity\fR addresses

.br 
\fBBy_to\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by recipient not more \fIquantity\fR addresses

.br 
\fBBy_fromto\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by originator\-recipient pairs, not more \fIquantity\fR lines.

.br 
\fBBy_total\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by Total not more \fIquantity\fR lines.

.br 
\fBBy_size\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by size not more \fIquantity\fR lines.

.br 
\fBBy_QPercent\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by Quote Percent not more \fIquantity\fR lines.

.br 
\fBSubj_By_Total\fR \fIquantity\fR
 Create statistics by Subjects not more \fIquantity\fR lines.

.br 
\fBBy_Date\fR
 Create statistics by date

.br 
\fBBy_WDay\fR
 Create statistics by Week Day

.br 
\fBBy_Time\fR
 Create statistics by Time

.br 
\fBMake_Pkt\fR
 Create PKT\-file with statistics

.br 
\fBPkt_Size\fR \fIbytes\fR
 Specifies maximal size of one message in bytes

.br 
\fBPkt_Inbound\fR \fIdirectory\fR
 Specifies inbound path. If not spacified, \fBareastat\fR writes file into current folder.

.br 
<fBPkt_FromName>\fR \fIname\fR
 Specifies name for "From" field of generated message.

.br 
\fBPkt_ToName\fR \fIname\fR
 Specifies name for "To" field of generated message.

.br 
\fBPkt_Subj\fR \fIstring\fR
 Specifies subject of generated message.

.br 
\fBPkt_OrigAddress\fR \fIFTN address\fR
 Specifies origination address of generated message
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
areastat(1)
